Aaron, how are we doing today?
Not too bad, and yourself?
I'm all good, how are you?
Good, good.
How was the weekend?
Nice.
Okay.
Nice. Okay.
I was just asking, what's...
Um, how's everyone's weekend? So,
probably that's what's good.
Um...
We can start maybe. Yes. Okay.
So welcome to week 7.
And we just hope that everyone is
progressing well and already working on,
already done with P6 and P7 maybe,
and hopefully starting on P8.
We're nearly near the end of the
trimester,
so it's very important that you're now on
schedule. If there's any problem,
please reach out to the tutors.
We are more than happy to.
help or support,
anything that we can do to help you
progress.
Gentle reminder that the test is in week
9, so test 2.
We already have the practise test
available in the task 2.
You can go through it.
We will go through it together in class
next week.
So that is very fresh,
but you can start practising on your own.
If you have any doubts,
you can reach out to your tutors on
OnTrack as well. There,
put it in the chat.
They will be happy to give you some
feedback.
Um...
We do have a request extension.
I do get messages about these.
once in a while about the extensions.
They are automatic on OnTrack, seven days,
but it must be done before the due date
though. So make sure you submit those.
They will help you.
You can still get feedback if you submit
within the seven days extension.
If the task is submitted late and there's
no extension,
you would not receive feedback.
It will be automatically assessed at the
end of the trimester. If completed well,
most of the time,
it would be marked as complete or else it
would not be accepted and this might have
some negative impact.
pack on your final grade.
Hopefully it would not be the case though.
So it is better to submit a task compared
to not submitting at all.
So if you do submit,
there are some slight problems.
We would accept them,
don't worry at the end.
And this would help with your grades.
Hopefully you are all in the...
Channel as well,
so please keep on track with the
announcement.
We do have the unit chair checking in
every week.
If you do get a resubmit status on
OnTrack, this is good.
We iterate it every time.
It's not nothing bad.
We just want you to maybe improve a
little bit somewhere.
So do read the feedbacks from your tutors
and do resubmit hopefully within the next.
next week so that you can get your
feedback and have a proper cycle of
feedback and resubmissions if needed.
And you also do not have to wait for your
OnTrack tutor to respond on any of your
ready for feedback or resubmit tasks.
before you have your resubmit,
or you can move on with other tasks as
well. If you do have a resubmit as well,
you can come to a seminar,
either in person or online,
and directly discuss it with a tutor.
So during your one-on-one sessions or any
time,
you can come and we can probably look
into your resubmits and if it's all good,
We can even mark it as complete.
Yes, and for your DNHD,
these are very important,
so keep a steady progress on your tasks
and make sure that you come to your
tutors during the seminars or health
clubs even to make sure that
So everything is still on track,
you're progressing well,
and maybe we can even give you ideas on
how to expand or make it manageable.
Make sure that everything is manageable
though. And also...
You have to.
Give a good plan for your D2.
Some people just give incomplete plans or
just do not give the details properly.
Make sure that you do state how the D
task is more complex in a way compared to
the
Key 9 and onwards tasks, so P&C tasks,
how more complex they are.
Because I think your tutors might still
ask you those questions if you get like a
resubmit or a discuss status on OnTrack.
For the HD submissions,
the unit chair and the unit coordinator,
so Lashie and Aaron will be marking those.
And the D and HD are due at the end of
the trimester.
So sometimes you might not even get the
chance to get a resubmit.
But just so that you can avoid this
situation,
that's why we ask that you do chat
regularly with
your tutors to get some feedback in a way.
As usual,
we do say that you do attend your
seminars and the SIT 102 Teams channel.
You have help hubs online.
every other day, like 3 * a week at least.
There's also past sessions and we always
have the programmer's guide to your
disposal.
AL.
Sorry,
that's the end for the SMITH presentation
part.
Did I miss anything so long here?
No, yes,
I'm here and you did not miss anything.
Did you introduce Tara?
No, that's my next thing.
Do you want to do it or should I?
You carry on.
Okay, so from this week to week 10,
we will have Tara joining us and she
would be here to help you with, as us,
she will support us in helping you as
well. So if there's anything,
please do not hesitate to
Reach out to her as well.
Do you want to say anything, Tom?
Yeah, happy to answer, you know,
or try to answer any questions anyone has,
but yeah,
I'm pretty approachable and easy going.
So yeah,
feel free to reach out if you need to.
Great. Welcome, Tara. Yes,
so this week we would have PA,
so it's like enums and structs.
There's one more thing that I would like
you to not forget when you're submitting
your P7, P8 and onwards.
So,
the Sony has gone through them last week,
the shared utilities.
I've seen a lot of submissions that
missed them.
Please don't forget to include those.
You don't have to specify what's in them,
just make sure that you,
because you can just add a comment about,
okay, the shared utilities,
when you include them.
on top of your submissions,
that you would have the read string,
the stuff like the likes. So we know that,
but just make sure to use it and include
it.
It would structure your code and your
data as P7 and P8 main.
A push.
Main, uh, main job, I would say.
Yeah, any questions about those?
Do you wanna add anything to the only?
No,
I think you covered pretty much
everything.
The only thing I would focus on is that
for P7 and P8,
you might see a lot of resubmit.
It's because we are being very particular
about on what are the instructions and
what are we expecting.
So if you get a resubmit,
don't take it personally.
It's just a feedback for you to
improve and it will really help you in
your test 2 because test 2 is based on
your tasks P7 and P8 mainly.
So I hope that helps.
And now if you guys have any questions,
Yeah, true.
any doubts,
you can stay on the call and we can,
you know,
go into the breakout rooms and everything.
Tara, if you want,
you can get into a breakout room with
either me or Vrisha just for one call.
And after that,
you can take the breakout rooms as well.
And it's fine for us.
So if someone wants to get on a call one
to one,
Yep.
just raise your hand and we can call you
out.
Yeah.
KAINE.
So the distinction custom programme and
high distinction are two different
programs. Generally, yes.
So you can definitely do your distinction
and take it to a high distinction level
by adding more more complexities to it.
Though we do not recommend it sometimes.
from the unit chair because he thinks
that you might not be able to distinguish
between what's a D and what's the HD.
So you can do the same.
You can do the same,
but it's an extension.
You don't have to reiterate what you've
done for your distinction.
Just make addition.
functions, complexities to your HD,
or you can do something completely
different as well.
Ohh.
It's the interview for the 15 minutes one
is not before the test. It's, it would be,
it might not be before the test.
It would generally be after the first
test of test turn, right, so only?
Ohh, the questions would be about...
Sorry, I missed out on the question.
It was just that the test to interview
would be after the test,
the first one at least, right?
I think it would be after all. Yeah,
I think it should be in week 10,
if I'm not wrong. Week 9 or week 10, yes.
10. Yeah, wait 10. Yeah.
And the kind of questions we could expect
would be about anything that you've done
through the unit, honestly.
Um, and yes,
you can leave if you don't have any
questions.
It's all good,
and we will take on the one-on-ones now.
Thanks.
So I think we only have two students who
want one to one session. Three, sorry.
Yeah, okay. So what we can do is, Vrisha,
do you want to take Tara on a call with
you?
It's because you have the access to your
laptop today.
It would be a little more easier to show
her with that.
And I'll get on a call with Justin maybe.
Sorry, you're on mute, Vrisha.
Oh yeah, sorry, hi. Yes, yes,
I will take her with me to do at least
one student and then we will see what's
needed for the other.
Okay, perfect. I'll call Justin. Justin,
are you still here?
SHEKHAWAT.
Alright,
does anyone else have any questions?
Is there anyone else who is looking for
help?
Will we be going to the interview and
test again in the next few lectures? Yes,
yes,
we will definitely go through the test
and we will go through the interview
questions.
So once you give the test and after that
you give the interview.
So if you give the test and if you have
completed it, like if it's on discussed,
your status should be on discussed,
then you'll give an interview and after
that it will go to complete.
That's all the questions we have.
Please let me know if you have any doubts.
I am in the team.
Hey, so do we have any questions?
Any other questions?
Anything I can help you with?
I don't think so.
There are any other questions.
So I thought that, yes, DENUWAN,
do you have any questions?
I cannot hear you.
Yeah, okay. I don't think so. Hey, Tim,
are you still there?
Do you have any questions?
Oh, it's about the help hub. Okay,
what about the help hub?
Oh, okay, he's typing on the chat.
I'm sorry, I didn't have the window open.
Yeah.
Yeah, okay.
That is so good.
Yes.
Um...
It will be a very soon.
In the health hops,
or you mean like the ones on like either
Tuesdays or...
Um, Saturday's online one, Dan. Um,
waste of time.
Not really a waste of time,
but is this easier if you do have a
microphone so that we can help you?
It's lengthier if you're typing sometimes,
but if you do have questions,
please do go attend them.
It would be a little bit hectic to do
that, but you can still type in.
Vrisha, just give me a second in this.
Okay,
Teh.
so whenever we are in a seminar or in a
class or a help hub where we want to
engage with you,
reading this chat slowly turn by turn is
not possible. So for example,
if you want to ask it in a team meeting,
we are more than happy to.
to discuss it this way,
but in front of in the entire class.
But if you get on a call with us one to
one,
it would require us a lot of time to just,
you know,
solve your query because you will be
typing each message and, you know,
describing your query.
I think this is exactly what I explained
to you last time as well,
but I don't know how I can help you best
without a microphone.
And for your test too,
for your interview round as well,
you would need access to your microphone
or your something like something that we
can connect with you or you.
we can talk with you.
So this is the simplest way I can make
you understand,
but if you still have any issues,
you are more than welcome to discuss it
with the unit chair and he can help you
Yeah.
out in some way. But I don't think so.
As tutors,
we would be able to help you out,
you know, this way.
And it's not inaccurate,
but it's also like in a class,
if we have 40 students and if they want
to get on a one-to-one call,
I don't know how we will get on a
one-to-one call with, you know,
you typing the message and it will just
require us 40 minutes just to deal with
the single student, which is.
in a two hour class,
if I spend 40 minutes with you,
it's unfair to the other students.
I hope you understand it.
But even after that,
if you want to connect with me,
I was more than happy to for you to send
an e-mail to me, to send a message to me,
and I was more than happy to, you know,
reply back to you.
But connecting one to one and then,
you know,
you typing the message and me replying,
it's.
Really impossible.
Okay,
I understand that you think that this
method is inaccurate or speculative.
I would really recommend you to talk to
the unit chair and he might be able to
help you out.
This is the simplest way I can make you
understand. Vrisha,
do you have anything else to add on to it?
No, but like as you said, it would,
a mic will be very useful,
especially for the interview,
because we only have like what,
a 5 minute or 10 minute slots for that.
So this would be very important to have a
mic for these situations as well.
Sorry, because in a 10 minute interview,
if you type everything down and then we
have to, we have like 5 questions,
for example,
it doesn't mean that you would have 5
questions.
It's like if we have to ask you 5
questions, for example,
in this 10 minute slot,
and you take a lot of time to like type
down, it.
It's going to be far too long,
and I agree with Saloni in that sense.
But yes,
we can definitely ask the unit chair if
you want,
send him an e-mail about this and we can
look into more how we can help you out.
And I think as I mentioned before,
if you have something that you want to
discuss personally,
you can send a private message to me on
Teams and I'm more than happy to reply to
you on Teams and also on if you can,
if you want,
you can send a feedback or like Outlook
mail to me.
I'm more than happy to help you. But then.
getting on a call and this I don't think
so is going to work out well.
So what I can do for you is I think
you're very disappointed for some reason.
What I can do is I can ask Aaron or the
unit chair to reach out to you personally
regarding this matter and you can have a
word with him.
Maybe you can get on a call with him
where you're typing message and he is
speaking and if that's what he thinks is
correct.
Maybe you can go ahead with that.
Similarly,
saying that calls shouldn't work.
I'm honestly so confused right now
because first you're saying that
messaging does not work. However,
you're similarly saying calls do not work.
So with this, yeah,
if you want to get on a one-to-one call
with me,
I'm more than happy to get on a call with
you,
but I will not be replying to your
messages.
You will have to unmute yourself and you
will have to talk to me.
If that is something that you can do,
I'm more than happy to get on a call with
you.
Makes sense.
By you are opposed to me messaging you.
I mean,
I honestly have no access to a microphone.
So the problem of me,
I am not opposing you to message me,
but in a team meeting,
if you want me to talk to you personally,
I would want you to.
unmute yourself and talk to me.
I can't do this chat thing in a personal
call, right?
That is what I'm trying to explain you.
But if you just want to type a message
and talk to me personally,
I am more than happy to look at it after
hours so that once I'm done with my class,
I will come back to your message and I
will reply to you on any queries or any
doubts that you have.
or you can even e-mail me. For this,
if you don't have access to a microphone,
I think you do have access to a mobile
phone.
Maybe you can connect through the mobile
phone and we can talk through a mobile
phone like right now, today,
just because I have laptop issues,
I'm connected on my phone and on my
laptop.
So if I can make it possible,
even you can, I think. If not,
you can definitely use Deakin Library.
You can come to the library or you can
use any library near your area and use a
microphone from there. If not, as I said,
I will reach out to Aaron today and he
will give you a message or an e-mail very
soon.
Yeah, as I mentioned,
I think multiple times, yes, e-mail,
message, anything works. But yes,
I will reach out to Aaron as well
regarding this.
I was just giving you options on what all
I would do if I was in your case if I did
not have microphone like what I'm doing
today. So it's just a suggestion.
It's fine if you like if you don't think
public library is suitable for you.
Yeah, you can e-mail, but yeah,
you want to e-mail Aaron Spence and he
will have a word with you.
Yeah,
I understand whatever you're trying to
say.
Maybe just draught an e-mail and just
send it to Aaron and he will reply it to
you.
Do you want me to type Aaron's e-mail on
the chat for you?
Sorry,
I don't understand what you're trying to
say.
So there are multiple times that you can
join. There are two online seminars.
There are three online help hubs.
So if either of the time does not work
for you,
I would recommend you to e-mail Aaron and
reach out to him regarding any doubts
that you have.
You can just write down all your doubts
and send an e-mail to him.
That would be the best thing.
If you stay in Melbourne,
you can definitely come for an offline
session as well.
That's all I can recommend you for the
issue that you're having,
especially regarding your mic.
I am happy to type.
Can you send me an e-mail clarifying what
do these points for me, Miss Mehta,
just so it is clear?
I think I'm very clear on the Teams call
right now, whatever I'm saying.
If you want,
you can go back and look at the recording.
Yeah,
I can understand someone can miss out on
points.
Maybe just have a look at the recording
and go through it again.
Yeah, a brief summary.
You can keep your transcripts on for the
teams and you can have a walkthrough of
what I said.
Are you good?
Do you have any other questions?
Yes.
Sorry, what am I opposed of doing?
I really cannot spend time going back and
passing through the entire two-hour
meeting.
Okay, so in your meeting, go from 7 P.m.
to 7.10.
I'll brief you what I want to say.
My brief points are that I cannot get on
a call with you one to one, me or Vrisha,
because you typing the message and me
looking and replying to you will require.
A lot more time,
and we have so many students in the class
that if you type and if I reply,
it's taking a lot longer for us to reply
back to you,
so you would need an access to a
microphone. OK, for your test too,
you have to give a return exam,
and after that...
You have to arrange a mic so that you can
give your interview. OK,
once that is done,
after that you proceed forward. OK,
so for that you will need a mic.
So mic is a very mandatory thing.
I understand that you don't have access
to it. My alternative suggestions are.
that you can connect with me on the Teams.
So you can send a message to me and I
will reply back to you after the class is
done or in between the class if I have
the time,
I'm more than happy to reply to you.
My second alternative is you can send an
e-mail to me and I can reply to you on
the e-mail.
My third alternative is if you don't want
to talk to me,
you can definitely talk to Vrisha or you
can definitely talk to Aaron.
And my last alternative is that if you
still want the access to the microphone,
you can connect it through the mobile
phone because I think everyone uses a
mobile phone lately.
So you can connect through the mobile
phone.
That's what I was doing today because I'm.
..
struggling with my laptop and my phone
and I'm traveling.
So it's becoming a task.
But that's what I am doing.
So I'm hoping you can do too.
But if you don't have that,
you can definitely access a library in
which you can use the computer there.
And there are you can use the Deakin
library or you can use any public library.
If that is not the option,
you can use someone.
someone's phone from your family team
members and you can try to connect from
there. If that is not the option,
I would recommend you to e-mail Aaron
because these are the options that are in
top of my head at the moment.
Do you have any other suggestions, Vrisha?
Honestly,
I think you've listed all of those that I
can think of too. So yeah,
anything that's not working,
please do contact Aaron for that.
Yeah,
and just because we had such a brief
conversation today,
you should get an e-mail from Aaron
regarding what is going on and everything.
Okay,
so he should be able to help you very
briefly.
Yes.
What are scheduling arrangements?
I don't understand what are scheduling
arrangements.
Sorry, I'm on mute.
Scheduling arrangements for the meeting.
Sorry, which meeting?
Do you understand Vrisha what he's trying
to say?
Because I don't for which meeting are we
talking about.
Schedule meeting or calls.
If you mean like their interview,
test through interview,
ours would be emailed to you.
Yeah,
and you can select the select the slot,
If there's, if there's,
there might be slots.
I think.
If it's not given to you the options,
you can definitely contact the unit chair.
He will try to his best to accommodate
you for anything.
Do you work all seven days?
And I think the interviews are later in
the night. I think it's on,
it's from 6 to 8.
So you can accommodate yourself from 7 to
Yeah.
8 or something like that.
For this matter,
I don't think so I can help you a lot.
So you might have to connect Aaron for
that because I don't have enough
knowledge on this part.
Yep.
Yeah.
Anyways,
I think you will receive an e-mail from
Aaron and you can reach out to him
regarding everything. It should be better.
Sure.
Perfect.
Okay, okay, any other questions?
Well, I mean, like,
it would be enough for the interview.
Okay, so...
For the interview,
it would be all about the P concepts.
So if you have those on top of your mind,
you should be okay for the interview.
Right, Sony?
I think P tasks is P concepts.
So what I was thinking is what I will do
is in the next class,
when we are discussing the test,
after the test,
I will prepare some interview questions
that I think I would ask as a tutor and
we can do a practise round so that you
can you all can just raise your hand and
answer the question. So it might be
A little, you know.
easier for everyone to, you know,
just talk about it.
So that's how I think I would help you to
understand how the interview would work.
But the questions related to the task,
like, for example,
if you ask me what would we ask in the
interview,
We would ask questions like,
what do you understand by functions?
What do you understand by procedures? How,
what is procedure call?
No, no, no.
Or what do you understand by switch
statement?
What is the difference between while,
do while? Some very basic questions.
We are not here to judge you.
We are just here to understand that you
understand the concepts.
You understand what the
It is about, we understand,
we want to understand that you understand
the difference between C or C or things
like that, very simple, very basic,
HIRST.
but yes, you know,
listening to this very fancy word like
Teh.
interview can definitely confuse you,
but we will definitely practise it next
class, we will practice.
I will,
I'll come prepared with some interview
questions, and I think Vrisha,
maybe if you have the time, just,
Questions. Yeah, we'll go through it.
you know,
maybe just will try to prepare some
Yeah, we we we can connect,
we can connect together and work through
questions from both the ends.
it.
Yes, yes. That's all good.
Do we have any other questions?
I think it's a bit inconvenient for
everyone that this whole chat has thrown
into.
You're talking about one microphone issue.
Oh, yes,
I'm sorry for the inconvenience caused
and that's the exact problem.
But I think Aaron will take care of it
and will not have the issue from next
time.
I'm really sorry for the inconvenience
and the spamming.
Yep.
So it's not your fault yet. Actually,
you are really patient,
so it's not really your fault here.
So please don't apologize. Yeah.
We.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
I thought she was going to pull out a
lead card medium problem.
Yeah.
We're not gonna torture you through a Lee
Code problem, guys, in the interview.
It's just like a 10 minutes thing max,
so it's not.
Ask you to code or something.
Don't worry about that. Yes, as I said,
it's a little, as I said,
it's hard for me to make you understand
without me having any content.
Like I can tell you that what questions
Yes.
would be asked,
but what we will do is we will have a
practise round next time.
I will also put a note.
Mhm.
or day prior, maybe on Sunday,
we'll just put out a note on the Monday
session where I can post out that we will
practise the interview questions.
Yeah.
Oh, actually...
So we'll have more students and then we
will practise the questions that way. Yes,
Vrisha, do you have some suggestion?
Sorry,
I just realised next Monday is university
holiday.
Why?
Anzac Day.
Gals.
Uh-oh.
Do you guys have a public holiday next
Monday?
It's not really holidays,
it's just a public holiday,
it's just university holiday, I think.
Yeah,
we don't have one here in South Australia
for Anzac Day,
so we literally get ripped off a public
holiday.
Ohh, that's so bad.
So I completely forgot.
Oh, damn.
Yes, Vrisha,
would we would we not take online session?
Because I think that even Easters,
we had the...
Apparently.
Yeah, we had a replacement session.
Let me just cheque in with Aaron right
now. I think I did something.
Okay, okay, no. So,
there will not be a replacement session.
It's just important,
remind students the importance of
checking the Teams channel announcements.
Okay,
apparently he posted an announcement
about this today or something.
oh my god, let me cheque the announcement.
Monday, 27th is a public holiday.
and Zach Day holidays,
no seminars or PAUL sessions will run,
but you're welcome to join a different
seminar.
Okay, that is going to be a task.
Yeah.
How will we practise then?
But we can do it in the later weeks
because the week when you will give the
return test.
Yes, it's just a test practise test issue.
We have not gone through it together in
That we.
class,
but they can join the Thursday session
store for that.
Yeah, for the Thursday sessions,
they will have the practise test in class.
What I can do is I can actually talk to
Aaron and maybe we can arrange a
replacement class for the Monday session
so that it becomes easier for the
students to go through the practise test.
Yeah, we can talk about this or...
Maybe we can even do a recorded video if
it's not possible to do a session about
Oh yes,
I am more than happy to do a recorded
that.
video as well. I can do that. Yes,
I can do that.
Yeah, we can do if he's not, yeah, yeah,
we just put it post it on the Monday one,
And post it on the Monday session. Yeah.
so that it's easier,
and if ever anyone has a question,
they can reach out to us at any point.
Yes,
even they can join the Thursday seminars
and help out.
So that's something we can do.
Yes.
Or else I will talk to Aaron about it,
that this was the misunderstanding that
we will not have it and we did not go
through the test.
If it's possible to arrange a replacement.
Yeah.
Perfect.
Mmh.
Okay, so if there is no questions,
I think we are...
Okay.
Got you, go.
Yes, wait, I'll just Bertan,
do you have any doubts?
Edgar Harris,
do you guys have any doubts before we go?
Not for me, thank you.
Thank you.
Teh.
Okay.
Okay, I'm good for now. Okay.
Yeah, bye-bye. See you all next week.
Okay. Thank you, Vrisha.
Hi, CIANCIO.
Thank you for handling my laptop for sure.
It's a very funny story that I forgot my
That's so good.
laptop in Deakin and it's in Deakin
security room.
So thank you for taking over the class
today. But I do have the other laptop,
That's all good.
which is sometimes just going all
self-connected from my phone and this.
Booking, yeah.
Thank you. Thanks, Tara,
for joining us today.
Yeah.
And I hope to see you next class.
And if we have any replacement class,
Okay.
we'll post it on the chat.
You can join that and help us out.
Exit.
Thank you so much. Good evening, guys.
Bye.
Eight.
Bye-bye.